a tree and its fruit this tree produces
good fruit but there are bad trees in
the outdoor industry that have been
producing bad food I would consider that
would
how ironic that the first segment of
this snake oiler spotlight is going to
be dedicated to mr. doctor should I say
grant wood's the great dr. grant wood's
this segment is going to be about
Woods's highly inaccurate and totally
misleading statements about deer eating
and using soybeans as they're drying
down check in the information box for
more information in the future and at
publishing time for information more
irrefutable facts verifying what I have
to say
more irrefutable facts verifying that
these people are nothing more than snake
oil salesmen